------------------------------------------------------------
AI Chatbot Musical Playlist Generator
------------------------------------------------------------

Course : Web Programming (SOEN 287)  
Term : Winter 2025  
Type : Bonus Assignment  

This project was made as part of the bonus assignment for the Web Programming course at Concordia University. The goal was to create an AI chatbot capable of performing a specialized task (of our choice) by leveraging the benefit of API calls. The chosen task is to generate a musical playlist based on user preferences.

Project Overview :

The chatbot analyzes user prompts to determine their music preference, and generates a list of tracks, artists and albums accordingly. The Spotify API is used to access real-time data on music, such as artist top tracks and list of tracks in an album.

The project also fulfills the project’s constraints which consist of :
- Using at least two different APIs (Google Gemini and Spotify)
- Having additional logic to process text generated by AI agent before sending to the user

Note :
Although the full source code is available, API keys are still required to run it. Unfortunately, they can’t be provided for security reasons. To run the code, you need to create a .env file in the root directory and add the following keys :

SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=your_spotify_client_id  
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=you_spotify_client_secret  
GEMINI_API_KEY=your_google_gemini_key  

Both keys can be obtained from their respective providers free of charge.
To run the code :

- clone the project onto your computer
- run `npm install` to install dependencies
- run `node app.js`

Screenshots are included to showcase the chatbot’s interface and functionality for those unable to run it locally.

Comments are included in the code to explain each section in further detail.